detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a drama mystery film called
berlin syndrome
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
claire hovel is on her way to berlin on
a train she's a photographer from
brisbane
australia traveling to germany to make a
book as she exits the station and gets
to her room
she observes her surroundings curiously
looking at the buildings and stores
around her
after a while claire leaves her room and
heads to the rooftop
where people are drinking and having fun
the group invites claire over and they
spend the night together
in the morning as everyone began to
leave claire stays at the rooftop a bit
longer to hang out and take some
pictures of the buildings in the
surrounding area
the next day claire goes out for a walk
and after buying some films and a dress
she goes to a bookstore she's closely
looking at a photo album when a man
walking out of the store catches her
attention
after finishing up in the bookstore
claire walks outside and finds the man
from earlier
he introduces himself as andy werner an
english teacher in a sports school
the two share a conversation and they
end up going to one of the many
abandoned houses found in berlin
as the pair talk to each other claire
laughs at andy when he mistakes the word
complicate for contemplate
moving on andy continues talking to
claire asking about why she came to
berlin
she explains why and the two drive away
to claire's home
when they arrive claire invites andy
over for a drink
but andy declines as he has to meet with
someone else claire stammers when andy
starts to touch her hair and slowly make
his way
leaning in for a kiss however he
suddenly stops
and the two part ways for now flustered
claire gets to her room and checks her
camera's photos
she sees one of andy and it makes her
smile
the day after claire returns to the
bookstore and is surprised to find andy
sitting there
looking at the album she was reading
yesterday claire reaches for the album
but instead
her hand meets andy's own the two head
for a bar and talk with each other again
andy mentions the ddr or the german
democratic republic
how he thinks they're invalid and that
one could just suffocate anywhere
claire then asks what the german word
for suffocate is but andy mistakenly
translates it and playfully chokes
claire to show her what it means
while this is going on andy notices
claire's necklace which is a gift from
her mother to keep her safe
afterwards the pair leaves and sets off
for andy's home
when they reach the apartment andy
offers dinner while claire stares out of
the window
he then moves towards claire from behind
reaching for her hands and eventually
they start making love claire tries to
suppress her moans
but andy stops her assuring her that no
one will hear her from there
the next morning the two lay in bed
together and share a moment
telling each other that they never want
this to end in school
andy discusses some quotes in his
english class when andy mentions the
book giovanni's room
one of his students named francar
recites she observes that the book says
that the character is constantly moving
feeling ashamed of himself and finding
himself but in reality
he's just escaping as franco recites
andy looks at her with a slight hint of
frustration
meanwhile claire is left at andy's home
wanting to
leave she tries the door only to find it
locked with a barrier covering the whole
door
she then walks around the apartment
searching for a way to get out
when andy arrives home the two joke
around with each other about locking
claire inside
andy slyly mentions that next time he'll
tie claire to the bed
claire shrugs this off and the two go
out for a party before sleeping together
the next day claire asks for the key to
the door and andy tells her that he'll
leave it on the dresser
as they embrace each other andy wraps
his arms around claire tighter and
stares at her with eyes full of
obsession before eventually leaving for
work
with andy gone claire walks around the
apartment and stumbles upon a photograph
of herself with the word mine on her
back
causing her to check herself this is
when she realizes that her necklace is
gone
starting to grow alarmed claire tries to
escape banging on the windows with the
chairs
trying to open the door and trying to
call someone for help
during her attempt to flee she sees that
her sim card has been taken out of the
phone
when andy arrives at home he sees the
mess claire made and ignores her please
to leave
only telling her that the windows are
reinforced afraid and confused
claire makes her way behind a chair
distancing herself from andy before
asking him what's going on
it becomes clear that andy is growing
frustrated and he retorts that this is
what she wanted
his words do nothing to ease her
confusion and claire tries to explain
that the words they say in bed don't
always mean something
andy only ignores her and instead asks
her what she wants for dinner
again claire thinks of going outside but
andy disagrees
this pushes claire to throw a fit and
she asks andy for her necklace
even starting to push him while he
prepares dinner in retaliation
annie pins her down with ease and tells
her again that no one can hear her from
there
after that night andy walks into a
school and enters a study hall where an
ongoing discussion is being led by his
father
eric he sits down and starts looking at
some of the pictures he took of claire
naked and asleep when eric suddenly
calls him out for having contrary
opinions about the ddr
andy and eric then head off home and the
two have a conversation about andy's
love affairs
eric mentions a canadian named natalie
but andy shrugs it off
telling him that she's gone home and
that he's already with claire
as the two continue to talk more about
claire andy thinks back to how he
dragged claire to the bed and tied her
up before leaving
when andy arrives home he casually tells
the stillbound claire about his day
how he met up with his father and told
him about their relationship
he also mentions buying her a puzzle and
texting her mother that she's okay
as claire is finally untied she tries to
reason with andy that her mother will
start getting suspicious and
eventually find out what's happening
afterward claire takes a bath
and she ends up in a shock after finding
clumps of blonde hair clogging the drain
since she's a brunette claire knows for
sure that they aren't hers
while he's tying her up again claire is
already drained from everything that's
happened
she try softly pleading with andy
assuring him that there's nowhere left
for her to go
to her surprise andy seems to take pity
on her as he loosens the ties before
leaving
with andy gone claire escapes and she
starts rummaging through the apartment
going through everything until she
eventually finds a screwdriver
in andy's school a co-teacher peter asks
andy about his date
andy only ignores him however as he sees
another co-teacher named janna using his
coffee mug
janna apologizes washes the mug and pats
him on the arm
making andy look disgusted and angry
when andy arrives home
he finds claire seated by the table
working on the puzzle
she invites andy over and the two work
together as claire carefully waits for
the right time to use the screwdriver
she points out certain pieces that don't
seem to fit and andy happily helps her
find the right piece
while andy's placing the piece in its
proper position claire stabs andy's hand
straight through the table
grabs the keys to the door and runs
outside to escape
andy pulls his hand from the screwdriver
then chases claire all the way down
while trying to escape she gets to a
door and desperately starts pushing and
pulling to get it open
just as she's finally starting to open
it and he catches up to her and slams
the door right on her fingers
claire screams in pain when one of her
fingers gets dislocated
and andy tries to calm her while also
realigning her finger
after the encounter andy carries an
unconscious claire back to the room
back at eric's home andy and his father
meet up again over a game of chess
eric tells him that his mother is
looking for him but andy ignores the
very idea
afterwards eric notices his hand and
asks about it noting that it's already
infected
andy just makes up an excuse in response
and shifts his focus back to the game
after this andy gets home and goes next
to claire she plays some music and tells
andy that she misses her mother
but andy just rejects the idea insisting
that he is all she would ever need
back in andy's school andy instructs a
gym class and starts focusing on franka
the student from his english class the
two lock eyes from time to time
with a growing tension surrounding them
meanwhile in andy's home
claire finds a paper clip and uses it to
pick the lock at the door
she continues to try and fail until the
paper clip eventually breaks
leaving a portion of it inside the
doorknob later on
andy arrives removes claire's bandages
and gives her a bath
reassuring her that they are a team and
that he will take care of her
suddenly someone knocks at the door andy
answers it and is surprised to see
franca
who came to address what had happened in
the gym class earlier
while franco's talking she sees claire
and greets her causing andy to close the
door and confront his student
he insists that there was nothing there
and tells her to leave
when andy returned claire asks about
franco only to be swayed off as andy
instructs her to turn around so he can
start cutting her hair
after taking a few pictures of her and
he tries to go inside his room
but the door won't open claire freezes
in fears and he asked her if she had
anything to do with it but eventually
the door opens
leaving claire outside to cry in relief
the next day
andy surprises claire with new lingerie
claire tries it on and starts dancing
for andy
who tells her to stop and asks her to
just be normal claire retorts that he's
abnormal
causing him to slap her and leave for
his father's house all alone
claire moves around the apartment
playing around until the electricity
goes out
when the morning comes claire gets up
and looks out of the frosted windows
peacefully as she watches the snow fall
to the ground
while trapped inside the solitary
apartment claire basks in her isolation
starting a fire cooking food reading up
and taking pictures of herself
meanwhile in eric's home an annoyed
annie asks his father why he didn't wake
him
this is when he discovers that eric has
passed surprising him
the next day andy calls stefan to tell
him about what happened and he waits for
the paramedics to eventually get his
father's corpse
finally andy returns to his home and
breaks down in front of claire
she comforts him and embraces him as
andy lets out all of his emotions
afterwards the two kiss and make love
again in the christmas season claire and
andy celebrate the holidays by making
cakes
giving presents and enjoying their time
together during this time claire asks
andy all sorts of questions about her
trying to find the reason why he chose
her and what happened to the previous
girl before her
as claire asks her questions andy starts
zoning out with frustration and
aggression beginning to fill his eyes
noticing this claire starts to move away
from the topic until andy stops her
instructing her to close her eyes
despite her reluctance
claire does as she's told worried and
anxious about what he might do to her
however andy simply surprises her with a
dog named lada
he leaves the room and claire cries out
in a mix of fear and relief as she holds
on to her new companion
the pair goes to a forest blanketed by
snow claire wears a look of solace and
happiness as she walks outside for the
first time since being held inside the
apartment
with claire's back turned from andy he
appears to be preparing to strike at her
but a boy suddenly cries out for help
they approach the two boys and andy
helps the boy that hurt his leg
while he tends to the injured child
claire speaks to the other one asking
him for help
however the boy doesn't understand her
and he tells her to let him go
making andy overhear this when the
mother of the two boys calls out to them
and he looks at claire disappointedly
while the pair make their way back to
the car
andy asks how their trip is going and
claire rates it at a seven
looking disappointed andy lets claire in
the trunk back in andy's apartment
he takes pictures of claire surrounded
by christmas lights
afterwards claire plays with lauda
before andy takes her up for a walk
when andy returns lana is gone and he
tells claire that she ran away
andy leaves and meets up with his
colleague only to be surprised that
there's a party going on
any begins zoning out and an anxious
look creeps to him as many people
surround him
in andy's apartment claire unlocks
andy's room and finds her camera
a massage chair and an album of her
photos while looking through the room
claire finds another album showcasing
natalie and his former fixation
with the same kinds of photos she had
back at the party
andy walks toward the sink but is
stopped by janna she grabs his arm again
but andy immediately pulls it away
asking her why she's always throwing
herself at men
insulted janet tells andy to leave in
the apartment
claire stares outside the window lightly
crying as she watches the fireworks go
off
when andy walks to his car he notices a
woman's scarf on the floor
he picks it up and talks to the woman
trying to charm her with the same words
he used on claire
however the woman's friend calls her and
she leaves andy looking humiliated
from the apartment windows claire spots
a light outside
she breaks one of the windows and starts
screaming for help
a man notices her and makes his way
towards the apartment
while the man's coming up the stairs
claire's screams grow louder and more
desperate
when the man arrives at the door it
becomes too late for claire as andy hits
the man on the head with a crowbar
claire could only cry in horror as she
listens to her only chance of escape
being hit by a crowbar repeatedly
once done andy cleans up the body then
pulls claire to him
telling her that this is her fault and
that they should clean this up together
after cleaning up andy tells claire to
take her clothes off
but she declines andy then pulls the
corpse all the way down and burns it
while claire watches from the window
andy returns and boards up the broken
window as andy reads a newspaper
he finds an article about claire so he
instructs her to start packing
as she approaches andy she notices
frank's notebook on his table
claire then burns her hand on purpose
and takes the notebook the next day
andy prepares to leave taking all of the
notebooks with him
claire stares at the door hoping that
this time she can finally escape
in class franca opens her notebook and
finds a photo of claire
gagged and bound franca realizes what's
happening
and she quickly asked to be excused from
class to call for help
as she leaves she drops the photo
causing her other classmates to look at
it
causing a commotion andy calls their
attention and asks what's wrong
one of the students hands the photo over
making andy realize what claire has done
and he rushes out of the class and
drives straight to the apartment
stuck in traffic he's forced to get out
of his car and start running to his
house instead
where he finds franco's bike outside as
he moves further
he finds the box where he keeps the keys
all smashed up
upon seeing this andy rushes up to the
apartment and finds no one until he
hears footsteps from above
andy gets his crowbar and breaks down
the door of the unit above
he searches the room but no one is there
either
all of a sudden he hears claire's voice
telling him that she's down at the
apartment
and he follows her voice and returns
there in search of claire
as he searches inside claire stands by
the door calling out to andy again
andy sees her and is shocked when claire
closes the door locking andy inside
claire lets out a cry of relief and
calls franca out telling her that it's
safe
in a car claire reflects on what had
happened then finally wears the necklace
her mother gave her
meanwhile in the apartment andy sits on
his massage chair
he's in deep thought as he had just been
tricked in the way he tricked claire and
natalie
as claire rolls down the car windows she
cries in happiness
freed now from the nightmare and he
brought upon her
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching